Can I grow ITO epitaxially by ALD without annealing?
Give me a good ALD process for growing strontium titanate by ALD
What conditions should I use to grow ZnO epitaxially on sapphire by ALD?
Which organic molecules can I use for the molecular layer deposition of organic-inorganic composite materials based on Ti?
What is a good thermal atomic layer etching process for copper?
What is a good ALD process for MgF2?
What is a good atomic layer etching process for cobalt?
What precursors can be used to grow barium oxide via ALD?
How do I grow MoS2 by ALD?
What molybdenum precursors can I use to grow MoS2 via ALD?
How many ALD cycles will I need to grow a monolayer of MoS2?
Does MoS2 ALD with molybdenum hexacarbonyl as the Mo precursor require a nucleation layer?
How can I increase crystallinity in ALD MoS2 without thermal annealing treatment?
How do I grow Al2O3 via ALD?
How do I grow ZnO by ALD?
How do I grow Co3O4 via ALD?
What are the precursors I can choose from and the fabrication condition required to grow iridium via ALD?
How can I grow metal Ru thin films by ALD?
How can I grow metal Co thin films by ALD?
What co-reactants are needed to grow Co metal films using ALD?
What co-reactants are needed to grow W metal films using ALD?
What co-reactant should I use for Pt ALD with Pt(MeCp)Me3?
What is the growth per cycle for the ALD of MgO with bis-cyclopentadienyl magnesium and water at 200 C?
What is the out of plane preferential orientation of a ZnO film grown from diethyl zinc and water?
What mass gain should I expect in QCM during the ALD of TiO2 from TiCl4 and water?
What values of the sticking coefficient should I use to model the ALD of Al2O3 from TMA and water at atmospheric pressure?
What is the typical growth per cycle (GPC) of MoS2 ALD?
What is the temperature window for MoS2 ALD?
Do certain ALD precursors give more crystalline MoS2 thin films?
How much nucleation delay is there in MoS2 ALD?
Why can TMA react with H2O, O2 plasma, or O3 to form Al2O3 but shows limited reactivity (or not) with O2?
In DFT calculations, why does the ruthenium precursor, tricarbonyl (η4-2-methylene-1,3 propanediyl) ruthenium(II), C4H6Ru(CO)3), show favorable adsorption on Ru and Mo surfaces but not on SiO2 or MoO3?
How can we estimate the decomposition temperature of tricarbonyl (η4-2-methylene-1,3 propanediyl) ruthenium(II), C4H6Ru(CO)3)?
How can we define the adsorption behavior of tricarbonyl (η4-2-methylene-1,3-propanediyl) ruthenium(II), C4H6Ru(CO)3) on surfaces through ligand dissociation, and which ligand dissociates first?
Why is ALD of metallic aluminum challenging?
What is the maximum growth temperature for Al2O3 ALD with TMA and H2O?
What temperature should I heat my precursor bubbler to when performing In2O3 ALD with InCp?
What are the strongest peaks observed in FTIR spectra during in situ measurements of ALD Al2O3 using TMA and H2O?
Can I get inhomogeneous growths over large substrates using an ALD process that is truly self-limited?
How can I model precursor-surface interactions during ALD using DFT?
What types of plasma sources are available in ALD?
What is a hollow cathode plasma source used in ALD?
Which plasma parameters can be controlled in a plasma ALD ?
What are the basic differences between CVD and ALD?
How to eliminate temperature condensation in an ALD reactor?
What is a plasma artifact in ALD process?
What materials can be synthesized via ALD?
What materials cannot be synthesized via ALD?
What is the typical temperature window for ALD?
Does the reactor pressure influence the growth rate during the ALD process?
How does the temperature affect the growth of films during the ALD process?
What characterization can be done to differentiate between Atomic Layer Deposition and Sequential Infiltration Synthesis process?
Can we do ALD under atmospheric pressure?
Why is initial growth rate different from steady state growth per cycle in a ALD process?
How can we reduce oxidation to maintain a metallic thin film during the metal ALD process?
Can co-reactants (sequential pulses) be used to modify the surface during ALD to adjust the growth per cycle?
If contamination from precursor fragments remains in the ALD film, how does it affect the crystal structure of the ALD film?
How can we remove carbon (C) from precursors in ALD thin films?
Can we estimate the surface coverage of a precursor from DFT calculations?
How can we distinguish film formation by ALD or CVD at high temperatures?
What features of an ALD process dictate whether the process can be scaled up for commercial production?
Why is it that sometimes an ALD process that works well on planar substrates fails when attempting to coat high surface area powders?
What controls the maximum aspect ratio that an ALD process can coat conformally?
Who invented ALD?
What is a major source of signal instability when performing in situ QCM measurements of ALD?
What is a good test structure for characterizing the ferroelectric behavior of HfZrO2 thin films?
What metal oxide have been deposited via ALD for membrane application?
What is the role of metal oxide deposited via ALD on membranes for water filtration?
Has ALD been used for modification of gas separation or solvent separation membranes?
What is the typical electron mobility of MoS2 thin films prepared by ALD?